FRW-1241 Updated document with strict search configuration (#1491)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/back-end-development/zed-ui-tables/create-and-configure-zed-tables.md

    \Spryker\Zed\Gui\Communication\Table\TableConfiguration::SORT_DESC);
```

### Configure strict search

> By default, strict search is disabled. However, you can enable it when setting up the table.

Reviewer: Please describe why do we need strict search and where we can use it. Also that it's case sensitive search

    \Spryker\Zed\Gui\Communication\Table\TableConfiguration::SORT_DESC);
```

### Configure strict search

> Fuzzy search is the default search option on backoffice data tables. Fuzzy search makes use of the SQL logical operator ‘LIKE’ in combination with ‘LOWER’ for comparison. This mode can bring to performance issues on large tables since indexes are not being used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fuzzy search is the default search option in Back Office data tables. Fuzzy search makes use of the SQL logical operator ‘LIKE’ in combination with ‘LOWER’ for comparison. This search option may result in performance issues on larger tables due to indexes not being used.
```
Is 'fuzzy search' the official term we are using for this?

> Fuzzy search is the default search option in Back Office data tables. Fuzzy search makes use of the SQL logical operator ‘LIKE’ in combination with ‘LOWER’ for comparison. This search option may result in performance issues on larger tables due to indexes not being used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default search option in Back Office data tables searches for anything that contains the specified sub strings. This default search makes use of the SQL logical operator ‘LIKE’ in combination with ‘LOWER’ for comparison. It may result in performance issues on larger tables due to indexes not being used.
```

> In order to solve these performance related issues, strict search mode has been then introduced and can be used on all backoffice data tables which extend the `AbstractTable` class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to solve the performance issues, strict search mode has been introduced and can be used on all backoffice data tables which extend the `AbstractTable` class.
```

> Strict search is `case sensitive` and the following search patterns can be used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Strict search is `case sensitive`, uses exact comparisons, and the following search patterns can be used:
```

> Strict search is `case sensitive` and the following search patterns will be used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Strict search is `case sensitive` and the following search patterns can be used:
```

> if MySql connection is selected the `<%s%s = BINARY %s>` will be used instead of `<LOWER(%s%s) LIKE %s>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if MySql connection is selected, then`<%s%s = BINARY %s>` will be used instead of `<LOWER(%s%s) LIKE %s>`
```

> if PostgreSql connection is selected then the `<%s%s = %s>` will be used instead of `<LOWER(%s%s) LIKE %s>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if PostgreSql connection is selected, then `<%s%s = %s>` will be used instead of `<LOWER(%s%s) LIKE %s>`
```

> It is possible to enable it on per table basis, by setting `isStrictSearch` to true on the table configuration as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to enable it on a per table basis, by setting `isStrictSearch` to true on the table configuration:
```

### Configure strict search

> Fuzzy search is the default search option on back office data tables. Fuzzy search makes use of the SQL logical operator ‘LIKE’ in combination with ‘LOWER’ for comparison. This mode can bring to performance issues on large tables since indexes are not being used.

Reviewer: backoffice

> In order to solve these performance related issues, strict search mode has been then introduced and can be used on all back office data tables which extend the `AbstractTable` class.

Reviewer: same
